Mr. Ye, how can you drive Nian Nian away?
She's your daughter, isn't she?
Pardon me?
Lin Nian Nian is my daughter
What Lin Nian Nian is my mother's daughter
Xie Qing
Are you asleep?
Let's find a place to talk in detail in the first month of the month
How can you be your mother's daughter?
What qualifications do you have to be like me?
Enjoy Mom's Love Sitting
What the hell is going on in the first month?
Mr. Ye, don't worry
This is still burning from 20 years ago
Doctor
Please save the child
Get up and save me
You get up first
The child was born with a heart condition
When Xueqin was a child with congenital heart disease
The soul holds him and kneels down for me to save
What is he still dawdling with you?
Go to the operating room
Doctor, this is my child.
This is not the child of the inferior
How can it be compared to Mrs. Ye's safety?
Hurry up, the doctor is coming.
A female doctor?
And then they took me away.
Since then
I never saw the child Soul and Xueqin again